[Music] Hey what's up
kids how are
you I hope you're enjoying the
weekend and we're here with a lot of
fake bros I want the whole chat because
we're starting the extract and this
extract is going to be very hard vroom vroom
vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom
vroom let's speak his language
because it's good here let's let's
adapt to what we're going to comment on our
family those of you who are watching this on
YouTube please absolutely
everyone I have said it in each of the
extracts today but if there's anyone who does
n't follow me antista please follow me
in tinto okay it's on my account at the
moment in tinto because javi oliveira
took it a kid who created the account
taking my username to in theory
save it it's done I found it he
said I'm
not wise free me I created this
account for when the good attitude
that I have saved
but well let's see what happened with
agustín broma
who apparently is with the chat
through the whole world he is already
fed up with you guys now I'm not
referring to you people  that you've been here for
five or six years building
content that you know what this is and
that you have a [ __ ] great time you know, I
mean you don't have a [ __ ] clue okay but I'm
talking about the people who have arrived new to the
internet and there's this bad feeling of
why would I notify anything
because it has this because that because this
or that questioning not dividing
because at the end of the day I say to the
live shows you have to arrive chat with the
intention of putting the live show and the
chat well it's a it's a tool it
killed the fun ones the ladies
literally go to the chats of my
live shows among foreigners to make
friends to socialize now the chat is
impossible to get rid of it okay that of putting
the hi-hat on the members thing like that be
careful be careful with the
entry problem when for you the [ __ ] chat is
literally your main
entertainment at a level sorry that they have
attention that is a huge problem in
fact a popular one gave his opinion very it looks very
engineering and the truth is and that they can
cancel him for that it is quite a popular
opinion but it would
saturate me god to have it fan bis to Javier
or the kid it has bothered us strongly he has
told us twice in three  minutes the one that's
going to bother the kid the one that the
good thing is that he had to
repeat the scene [ __ ] to me the
username refers to tito
you have to the [ __ ] or repeat the scene
because I had to cut
javi that overlay doesn't look good on you a
hug but I don't understand because I'm not going to
change it like it doesn't look good on me
what's wrong with lover live it's
not finished why do you wait okay they
have some kind of
cancer
but on the other hand it doesn't come out
bad but there are communities of people who
exempt guy how lazy would I be
god how lazy would I be to
install if I say what I would be
if I tell the truth people
at the end of the day everything shares the same
people who do not have their identity on the
internet that is not
me I am that person no no no you are a
creation you know you are it is literally
has a profile picture of a singer
or has the profile picture of
a player
and you are a die-hard fan of this and so there are
millions
of pesos I think that
this world is ending and the funny thing about this
world that is to connect everything the striking thing
about this world is that I from Andorra the
vella is connecting with pedro who says
hello hello pedro
and pedrola and I say la but she's not going to
say anything to me if I post on twitter or
such and right now for a twitter @ she
's totally the mother and I earned it they're
going to take it down from twitter night they're
going to handle it 0.10 to solari to
have thousands of people from traditions
that are loaded because that's how it is come on
what the [ __ ] are you telling me time would you
support each other by activating a missile today the
skinny one thank you very much for yates line
blanquillo
of
work
and then at night we'll have a
ball the good one okay yeah let's see here he has
given his opinion and he's right it is in
a certain part
but but that he complains about the toxicity
the [ __ ] with the comments that we
just heard the other extract
well it's a little xd but well what do you
think I agree with it was a
family for his at least at least
at least leave me a like and a blog
in the comments box okay
[Music]